Add usage doc for metadata update (#416)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf: docs/source/guide/general/usage.rst

Metadata Update
---------------

> The Metadata Update ceremony is a guided step-by-step process allowing:

Reviewer: It sounds a bit redundant. Maybe choose one word?
```suggestion
The Metadata Update ceremony is a guided process allowing:
```

> - the removal or addition of key(s)
> - changes to the Root role threshold
> - extending the Root expiration

Reviewer: Maybe we can use the same verb tense in all structure
```suggestion
- add or remove key(s)
- change the Root role key threshold
- extend the Root expiration
```

Author: Maybe it's more precise to say `change the Root expiration` as it could be actually shorten as well.
We override the existing expiration if a user wants to.

Before starting the Metadata Update Ceremony authorization is required with
at least one private root key to be fully loaded.

The changes a user is allowed to make are not limited to the Root role, but
also include the keys used by all other roles as well.

When the ceremony is complete, the CLI can send the new information
directly to an RSTUF API instance or save it locally into a JSON file.

The Metadata Update ceremony could be used for multiple use cases as for
example:

- recover from a compromised key
- remove a key for a person leaving the organization
- add a new key to be used by a new employee

> - improving the security of a repository by increasing the Root role threshold

Reviewer: Following my comment above
```suggestion
- improve the security of a repository by increasing the Root role threshold
```

> .. note:: RSTUF CLI is implementing a guided process for Metadata Updates.

Reviewer: We can remove this note.
